# Smart Campus Enquiry
## Problem Statement: When a student wants to take admission in a new college he/she faces a lot of issues regarding correct information about the college especially when it comes to government colleges & private colleges in rural areas. During Covid-19 Lockdown students faced many issues; they were unaware & unsure about the information. When students don't get right information by sitting in their homes, they have to travel to college to ask about the information regarding college in college office & senior students who are already studying in college. Students who are already admitted in colleges faces difficulty in getting correct notifications at correct time related to college hostel, holidays, training & placement events, Trainings & internships recommended by college etc. 
## Description: The project is mainly targeted at colleges and the synchronization of all the sparse and diverse information regarding the regular college. In this project we are making a chat bot for students to ask or enquire about college by sitting in their homes. Due to this project students don't have to personally go to college office for the enquiry which will result in minimizing the time required to solve the queries. This project tries to bridge the gap between students, teachers, college administrators and senior students studying in the college. Therefore in the real world scenario, such as college campus, the information in the form of notices, oral communication, can be directly communicated through the android devices and can be made available for the students, teachers directly for their android devices and the maintenance of application will be easier in later future.
